#### 11/17

##### 梦想

​	In the picture above, a young boy, raising his head, holds a glorious sun in his firm hand. The caption indicates, "With dreams, our heart will fly high; Taking flight, our dreams will not be far away."

​	Some people believes that dreams are good for success, while others argue that they are problematic because they may be unrealistic. In my opinion, dreams are necessary for our lives only if they are encouraging and realistic. First of all, there's undoubtedly power in dreams. Dreams can lead people onto the path they seek and can endow them with passion. Dreams can provide an enthusiastic love of life that puts a sparkle in our eyes or a lilt in our voices. Dreams can smooth the wrinkles from our souls. Furthermore, all humans are born with wide-eyed, enthusiastic wonder. Many people have seen an infant's delight at the jingle of keys or the scurrying of a beetle. It is this childlike wonder, preserved in dreams, that gives enthusiastic people such a youthful air. no matter how old they are. Lastly, dream is something one feels happy to hold on to. People with dreams love what they do, regardless of economic rewards, power of fame.

​	In short, God gives each bird its food, but he does not throw it into its nest. So, whatever you want to do, cherish your precious dreams and work hard to let them be realized.



##### 自信

​	In the picture above are two young men playing football and it is precisely the match point. On the goalkeeper's mind, he is so small that defending the shoot is nearly impossible; While in the attacking player's view, the goalkeeper seems to fill up the whole goal.

​	Apparently, the intention of the cartoon is to illustrate that self-confidence is crucial in the face of adversity and will make a huge difference ~~in~~==to== our life. For one thing, self-confidence lays the foundation of maintaining a positive mental state which is one of the crucial factors in our daily routine. It has been proved that those equipped with the quality of self-confidence ~~will~~==are more likely to== keep high spirits and shows an aspiring attitude towards life. For another, being confident ensures you steadier and better performance, ~~which helps~~==thus helping== you gain the advantages over your opponents when dealing with arduous tasks. It is at these critical times that ones self-confidence, toward difficulty and toward life in general, that plays a crucial role in determining whether he or she can turn failure into victory.

​	I can think of no better illustration than the following one. Helen Keller was deaf and blind, certainly nothing to give her self-confidence. Nevertheless, she went on to conquer her multiple handicaps and finally became a lecturer, writer and an inspiration to all. This case effectively illustrates that no matter what tasks we are confronted with, we should never overestimate the difficulties or underestimate our abilities.





